Menu: add a Getting Started tutorial (#3877)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/Menu/00 Getting Started with Menu/05 Create Base Menu Level.md

> You can display Menu items from the [items](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxMenu/Configuration/items/) array or a [dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxMenu/Configuration/#dataSource). This tutorial uses the first approach. To see how to use the [dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxMenu/Configuration/#dataSource), refer to the following demo: [Menu Overview Demo](https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/Menu/Overview/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can display Menu items from the [items](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxMenu/Configuration/items/) array or a [data source](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxMenu/Configuration/#dataSource). This tutorial uses the first technique. To see how to use the [dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxMenu/Configuration/#dataSource), refer to the following demo: [Menu Overview Demo](https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/Menu/Overview/).
```
Ray advised against the word "approach".

> To create a base Menu level, define the component in the markup and populate it with items one by one. You can use predefined item properties to customize the items. For example, the code below uses [icon](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxMenu/Configuration/items/#icon) and [text](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxMenu/Configuration/items/#text) item properties. To further customize item appearance and content, use an [itemTemplate](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxMenu/Configuration/#itemTemplate) for all item customization or the item [template](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxMenu/Configuration/items/#template) property to customize individual items.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a base Menu level, define the component in the markup and populate it with items one by one. You can use predefined item properties to customize the items. For example, the code example below uses [icon](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxMenu/Configuration/items/#icon) and [text](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxMenu/Configuration/items/#text) item properties. To further customize the appearance and content of items, use an [itemTemplate](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxMenu/Configuration/#itemTemplate) to customize all items simultaneously or the item [template](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxMenu/Configuration/items/#template) property to customize individual items.
```

---
##### jQuery

    <!-- tab: index.js -->
    $(function() {
        const menu = $("#menu").dxMenu({
            items: [
                {
                    icon: 'home'
                },
                {   
                    text: 'About'
                },
                {   
                    text: 'Products'
                },
                {
                    icon: 'cart'
                }
            ]
        }).dxMenu('instance');

> 

Reviewer 2: empty line
